The Turing test, developed by Alan Turing in 1950, is a test of a machine's ability 
to exhibit intelligent behavior equivalent to, or indistinguishable from, that of a 
human. Turing proposed that a human evaluator would judge natural language 
conversations between a human and a machine designed to generate human-like 
responses. The evaluator would be aware that one of the two partners in conversation 
is a machine, and all participants would be separated from one another. The 
conversation would be limited to a text-only channel such as a computer keyboard and 
screen so the result would not depend on the machine's ability to render words as 
speech. If the evaluator cannot reliably tell the machine from the human, the machine 
is said to have passed the test. The test does not check the ability to give correct 
answers to questions, only how closely answers resemble those a human would give.

The test was introduced by Turing in his paper, "Computing Machinery and 
Intelligence", while working at the University of Manchester (Turing, 1950; p. 460). 
It opens with the words: "I propose to consider the question, 'Can machines think?'" 
Because "thinking" is difficult to define, Turing chooses to "replace the question by 
another, which is closely related to it and is expressed in relatively unambiguous 
words." Turing's new question is: "Are there imaginable digital computers which would 
do well in the imitation game?" This question, Turing believed, is one that can 
actually be answered. In the remainder of the paper, he argued against all the major 
objections to the proposition that "machines can think".

Since Turing first introduced his test, it has proven to be both highly influential 
and widely criticised, and it has become an important concept in the philosophy of 
artificial intelligence.